We had an overall great experience. Would stay there again. Gezennia helped us, and she was extremely helpful. Pretty good value for a Manhattan hotel. Kind of cramped, but that is to be expected in the area.	1
I had an amazing stay at this hotel. Right in the center of Time Square and was able to walk to the play I was seeing. Ate at a few of the restaurants in the hotel which had very good food and a cool setup. The room was small but was very clean and well maintained. Loved all the brightness and even was able to get a corner room with a nice view of the city. Another cool thing was how the room keys could also double as a luggage tag. Staff was also really sweet and accommodating to us. Do remember that it is near Times square so it could be crowded and a bit noisy. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to go to the city. Do not listen to these skeptical review this is a great hotel	1
the hotel is big and fancy its cost a bit of money and the room is big have alot of thing like TV, big bath room, big bed. The room service is great they work until 5 am. You will have free breakfast.	1
The $50 a day which they hold in your account (I stayed for 4 nights 5 days) for damages to room etc WAS NOT RETURNED BACK TO MY ACCOUNT! At present Im still fighting to get my own money back! Froze $300 for 5 days and only returned $100.	0
The rates are always the best if I wind up coming a weekend that seems to be expensive....the location you can't beat. ...only a few blocks from where we park and in the heart of theater district. The rooms are TINY, and the beds are perfectly fine. Nothing luxury about the rooms but all in all one of my top spots to check when I come into the city.	1
Brilliant hotel, perfect location, nice sized room, lovely breakfast and staff were very accomodating. All essential items are supplied which is lovely and bed is extremely comfortable. Perfect stay thank you.	1
I always enjoy my stay at the Row Hotel. The check-in is always warm and friendly and the rooms have always been clean, fairly quiet, spacious (by NYC standards) and usually with a decent view.  This has quickly become my 'go to' hotel when visiting the City because of the location (and the good price helps too!).  After check-in I received a text message asking if everything was ok and if I was happy/comfortable with my room. This was my first time receiving this (I've stayed at the hotel a few times before) and I found it was a nice added touch. My room was a good size and very light and spacious.   On my third day there were some issues with the internet and upon checking out I mentioned this to the staff at the counter. I was given a credit for this and a big apology which.	1